Meeting Minutes for group Camel!

Date: 1/03/2022
Time: 1:00 pm
Location: Microsoft Teams
Purpose: Catch up on everyone’s progress
Present: Samuel Bell, Jerry Li, Leo Shi, Jacqueline Chen, 
Apologies: Tetian 

Topics: 
 - Discussed confusions about Channels_list_v1 function returns
 - Discussed Leo’s channel_join_v1 function and what he has done
 - Discussed the leaderboard
 - Discussed what everyone between our last meeting and the current meeting and set up actionables that would be done by our next meeting. 

Agenda: 
 - Ask the tutor about channels_list and channels_listall differences on Thursday.

Actionables:
 - Leo Shi will be finalise channel_join_v1 and start on channel_messages_v1 by Thursday.
 - Samuel Bell will be review the existing code for style / documentation issues and create a separate branch and push it by Thursday.
 - Jacqueline Chen will be fixing my channels_list_v1 function and completing channel_details_v1 by Thursday.
 - Jerry Li will be finalising implementation of channels_listall_v1 by Thursday and make a start on channel_invite_v1 by Friday.
 - Tetian Madfouni will be examining style and code from merge requests and think of edge cases for his tests which he will complete by Thursday. 
