Date: 22/3/2022
Attendees: Jerry, Leo, Jacqueline, Samuel
Apologies: Tetian
Time and place: 1pm on Microsoft Teams

Agenda: Confirm priorities and coordinate between team to raise any blockers if necessary

Discussion:

leo's merge request just needs a small fix and then can be approved

jerry: finished channels_listall, will finish channel_invite today and the dms by friday night

jac: just submitted merge request for channel_remove , only thing only left is channel_dm_create
    add to datastore

leo: fix channel join, started on messages , wrote most tests and looking to finish by thursday night
    will be unavailable from fri-sun

sam: finished all his functions, implemented persistance , will move is_valid_dictionary to tests rather
    than source once everything is completed.

Need to remove echo
