Meeting Minutes for group Camel!

Date: 31/03/2022
Time: 3:00 pm
Location: In person during lab
Purpose: Discuss issues in iteration 2
Present: Tetian Madfouni, Samuel Bell, Leo Shi, Jacqueline Chen
Apologies: Jerry Li

Topics:
- tokens persist throughout resets
- We need approval on every merge request
- Every issue has to have an assignment
- Put any possible circular imports into other.py
- Test names must be reflective of what the test is attempting
- User_remove is too nested and needs to be fixed with relation to next point
- Messages need to be implemented with IDs and this can be used in User_Remove to delete the messages.
- Unnecessary comments above tests and in normal functions, code should be self-documenting

Agenda:
- Fixing all above issues before beginning iteration 3

Actionables:
- Create issues board for above issues and claim them accordingly
